Stop
Who are you?
I went to the official's birthday banquet
I don't remember inviting you. His name is Ye Feng
He's Shangguan Linglong's husband
He is also the uncle of the Shangguan family
Shangguan Linglong
You're out of your mind, aren't you?
The husband appointed by your family is Guan Mingcheng of the Guan family
I've never heard of it.
Ye Feng is a coincidence
Engaged with the elders of my family
It's Shangguan Wuji
What do you eat?
Never heard of you
Who let you in?
Stop for me
Hello
Miss Guan is here, right?
Hey, okay, okay.
I'll be right there.
Shangguan Linglong
What if I let you in?
Offended the official
Just wait to humiliate yourself
Humph
Granddaughter Shangguan Linglong wishes grandma a birthday
How time flies!
Linglong can be on her own, hahaha.
And this is...